<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Jane Eyre</title>
  <link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
    <h1>A Note on the Text</h1>
    <p>This CUNY Student Edition was first prepared to provide a free-to-use, open-access, accessibly-designed, scholarly edition of the text for students and instructors at the City University of New York (CUNY). A community of student-scholars continue to improve it and, like all CUNY Student Editions, offer it to the public under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. This license invites anyone to freely share and adapt the material with few limitations.</p>
    <p>This edition is based on the first edition of <em>Jane Eyre</em>, published in three volumes in 1847. first edition, published in 1847. The preface to the second edition, written in response to the critical response to the novel, is included in an appendix. Spelling and punctuation have been retained, except in situations of obvious errors, in which case they have been silently corrected. Text styling, such as italics, have been reproduced. The chapter numbers reset for each volume in the original, but in this edition chapters have been labeled consecutively to make it easier to match up with other editions.</p>
    <p>To read this book online, download it as an Epub, or contribute to the next version, visit <a href="https://cuny.manifoldapp.org/projects/jane-eyre" target="_blank">https://cuny.manifoldapp.org/projects/jane-eyre</a>.</p>
    <p>Version 1.0 - Published 5 Jul. 2019</p>
</body>
</html>